docs: add docs for new client (#2991)
gofiber/fiber: docs/client/client.md

---
id: client
title: 🌎 Client
description: >-
  HTTP client for Gofiber.
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Client

The Client is used to create a Fiber Client with client-level settings that apply to all requests raise from the client.
Fiber Client also provides an option to override or merge most of the client settings at the request.

It is built top on FastHTTP client.

> # TODO: Add more information about gofiber client.

Author: Sure. Can you?

---
id: client
title: 🌎 Client
description: >-
  HTTP client for Gofiber.
sidebar_position: 1
---

> The Fiber Client is a powerful HTTP client optimized for high performance and ease of use in server-side applications. Built on top of the robust FastHTTP library, it inherits FastHTTP's high-speed HTTP protocol implementation. The client is designed to make HTTP requests both internally within services or externally to other web services.

Reviewer: AI suggestion is good here.

func (c *Client) Patch(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

## Custom

Custom provides an API like axios which send custom request.

```go title="Signature"
func (c *Client) Custom(url, method string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

## SetDial

SetDial sets dial function in client.

```go title="Signature"
func (c *Client) SetDial(dial fasthttp.DialFunc) *Client
```

## SetLogger

SetLogger sets logger instance in client.

```go title="Signature"
func (c *Client) SetLogger(logger log.CommonLogger) *Client
```

## Logger

Logger returns logger instance of client.

```go title="Signature"
func (c *Client) Logger() log.CommonLogger
```

## Reset

Reset clears the Client object

```go title="Signature"
func (c *Client) Reset()
```

## Default Client

Default client is default client object of Gofiber and created using `New()`.
You can configurate it as you wish or replace it with another clients.

### C

C gets default client.

```go title="Signature"
func C()
```

### Replace

Replace the defaultClient, the returned function can undo.

:::caution
The default client should not be changed concurrently.
:::

```go title="Signature"
func Replace()
```

### Get

> Get send a get request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Get is a convenience method that sends a GET request using the `defaultClient`.
```

```go title="Signature"
func Get(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Post

> Post send a post request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Post is a convenience method that sends a POST request using the `defaultClient`.
```

```go title="Signature"
func Post(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Head

Head send a head request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Head(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Put

Put send a put request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Put(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Delete

> Delete send a delete request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete is a convenience method that sends a DELETE request using the `defaultClient`.
```

```go title="Signature"
func Delete(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Options

Options send a options request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Options(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Patch

> Patch send a patch request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch is a convenience method that sends a PATCH request using the `defaultClient`.
```

func Replace()
```

### Get

Get send a get request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Get(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Post

Post send a post request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Post(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Head

> Head send a head request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ``` suggestion
Head sends a HEAD request using the `defaultClient`, a convenience method.
```

```go title="Signature"
func Head(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Put

> Put send a put request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Put is a convenience method that sends a PUT request using the `defaultClient`.
```

```go title="Signature"
func Put(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Delete

Delete send a delete request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

```go title="Signature"
func Delete(url string, cfg ...Config) (*Response, error)
```

### Options

> Options send a options request use defaultClient, a convenient method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options is a convenience method that sends an OPTIONS request using the `defaultClient`.
```
